Cache wheels built from immutable VCS requirements (#6851)
pypa/pip: docs/html/reference/pip_install.rst

of that is not part of the pip API. As of 7.0, pip makes a subdirectory for
each sdist that wheels are built from and places the resulting wheels inside.

> As of version 20.0, pip also caches wheels it built from Git requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 20.0, pip also caches wheels when building from an immutable git reference (eg. commit hash).
```

Author: Thanks @pradyunsg. I included your wording improvement.
